High level pages
About Us
Join a Group
Sundays
Join a Group
Daily Devotional
Events
Membership
A Free Gift
Online Church
Meet Pastor Chris
Contact Us

The design concept
 
Sample Concept, Look & Feel
1 - https://everyday.org.uk/
2 - https://hillsong.com/uk/
 
Suitable Wordpress themese we can adapt:
1 - https://preview.themeforest.net/item/ichthys-church-events-religion-donation-nonprofit-sermon-charity-wordpress-theme/full_screen_preview/12778656 - look at Homepage 4
 
2 - https://preview.themeforest.net/item/royal-responsive-one-page-parallax-wordpress-theme/full_screen_preview/19560027

Any other suitable theme that will give us the desired design concept


Important plugins to install
WP Meta & Date Remover
EU/UK GDPR Consent
Google Capchta - to prevent spam
Events - if theme doesn't have it by default
Google Analytics - I will provide Gmail to use for this in a separate email
Forms
Language translator  - get options from https://wpbuffs.com/language-translator-wordpress-plugins-for-multilingual-website/
Pretty Links

Work Roles

Web design and admin - Bro Edwin
Admin access - Pastor Val (operations@euvz4.org)
Content editor - Sis Charlotte - daily rhapsody of realities posts using blog page
Video content - Bro Ono

Detailed Content (see below)

About Us

Christ Embassy Berlin is a vibrant church based in the heart of Berlin. Our mission is to raise generations of men and women to come into all that God has planned for them and fulfil His dream for their lives. Our joy is in  giving lives a meaning by building a happier world with love.


(under About Us)
Our Vision
To take the divine presence of God to the nations and peoples of the world; and to demonstrate the character of the Spirit.

Our Statement Of Faith
This is the statement of the Bible doctrine as believed and taught by LoveWorld Inc. aka Christ Embassy.

This statement of faith has its source in the Bible and is in total agreement with the principles of the doctrines of Christ. We believe that the Bible contains the inspired and infallible Word of God. (2 Timothy 3:16, 2 Peter 1: 20-21).

We believe that there is only one God eternally existent in three persons; God the Father, God the Son and God the Holy Ghost. (Ephesians 4:5-6, Gen. 1:26, Matthew 3:16-17).

We believe in the deity of Christ. (John 1: 1-4; John 10:30; Hebrews 1:1-5).
a. He was born of a virgin (Matthew 1:18-25; Luke 1:30-35)
b. He was conceived of the Holy Ghost (Matthew 1:18-25, Luke 1:30-35)
c. He died (John 19:30-35)
d. He rose again from the dead bodily (John 20:25-29, Luke 24:36-40)
e. He ascended into heaven bodily (1 Thessalonians 4:16-17; Matthew 29-30)

We believe in the rapture of the church and the Second coming of Christ.
(1 Thessalonians 4:16-17; Matthew 29-30)

We believe that the only means of being cleansed from sin is repentance and faith in the precious blood of Jesus (Acts 3:19, Luke 24:47; Ephesians 1:7).

We believe regeneration by the power of the Holy Spirit through the Word of God is essential for personal salvation (Titus 2:5, John 3:3-5, Ephesians 5:25-27).

We believe that the redemptive work of Christ on the cross provides divine healing for the body, salvation for the soul of everyone that believes. (1 Peter 2: 24; Acts 3: 16, Acts 9: 32 -35).

We believe that when an individual receives the Holy Ghost, he receives divine enablement for Christian service and witness. (Acts 1: 8; 2:4; 3:1 -26; 4:5 – 12).

We believe in the sanctifying power of the Holy Ghost. (Romans 15: 16; 1 Corinthians 6:11).

We believe in the final resurrection of both the saved and the lost; the former to eternal life and the latter to eternal judgement. (Revelations 20: 11 -15; 1 Corinthians 15: 12 – 23)

Sundays

We welcome people from all walks of life so you’ll find people of every age and race in our meetings. Come just as you are – there’s no dress code. We guarantee you a warm welcome, inspiring music, and passionate teaching from the Bible and an opportunity to meet with God for yourself.

If you're not able to make it this Sunday, we also have mid-week services. See details below:

Address:
Bandelstr. 40
10559 Berlin–Tiergarten

Sundays 10am & 1pm
Wednesdays 6pm

Tel: ?+49 170 4495221?; ?+49 177 3429814?

Join a group

Fellowship Groups are a place where people of different ages can experience friendship, support, and work together as a team to reach out and build the lives of other people like themselves. Meeting in homes, in coffee shops or online, each Fellowship Group meets once a week for prayers, bible study, and other activities always with one thought in mind - giving lives a meaning.

We have groups for young adults, women, men, and teens. If you want to find out more about joining one of our fellowship groups, please contact us today.

Daily Devotional

Blog posts with Rhapsody of Realities

Events

Upcoming events for the next 3-6 months


Membership

The concept of church membership runs throughout the Bible. God talks about his Church being a family, a building, a nation, a kingdom and a body. One of the most important Greek words in the New Testament is koinonia, which means fellowship, community or oneness. That’s what we are trying to achieve through church membership in a city like Berlin.

We invite you to join our Membership Course designed by Rev. Dr Chris Oyakhilome D.Sc. D.D, to equip you up for a successful and fruitful Christian life.

For information on the next membership course please contact us.

A Free Gift

God is calling you today because He wants you to have a new life and a new beginning.

He loves you and that’s why He sent Jesus to earth to be born, to live and show God’s desire to bless people, to die for our sins, and finally to rise up from the dead to give us a brand new life.

John 3:16 says "For God so loved the world that he gave his one and only Son, that whoever believes in him shall not perish but have eternal life."

If you want a new beginning in your life starting from today,
pray this prayer aloud and mean it with all of your heart…

“Oh Lord God, I come to you in the name of Jesus Christ. Your word says, that whosoever believes in Jesus will not perish but have eternal life. Your word also says that if anyone is in Christ Jesus, old things have passed away and all things have become new.

I want a new beginning in my life and so I affirm that I believe in Jesus, that he died for my sins and rose again for my sake to give me eternal life. Old things pass away now in my life and all things become new as I receive Jesus to be my Lord and Saviour, and receive eternal life into my spirit. Amen.

Your Free Gift
If you prayed that prayer, we’d like to send you a free gift that will help you grow spiritually and make the right progress in your new life.
Click here for your gift.

Online Church
Link to https://www.facebook.com/christembassyberlin/videos/

Meet Pastor Chris
Link to http://pastorchrisonline.org/

Contact Page

Send us a message / prayer request
(Use a contact form)
Church telephone number








